[Docs] 8.15 Kibana What's new (#188767)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/whats-new.asciidoc

Note that the creator information will be visible only for dashboards created on or after version 8.14. 

You can also see who last updated a dashboard by clicking the dashboard information icon from the dashboard list. The creator is also visible next to it. This information is immutable and cannot be changed.

image::images/dashboard-last-editor.png[Dashboard details panel with the name of the last editor]

[discrete]
==== Field statistics in Dashboards

It's now easier than ever to include your field statistics view from **Discover** into **Dashboards**. While running investigations, it is very common that you need to see some field information, such as unique values and their distribution, to make sense of the data. Select the fields that you want with your ES|QL query and get the document count, values, and distribution in your dashboard so you don't have to navigate back and forth to **Discover** to see this information.

image::https://images.contentstack.io/v3/assets/bltefdd0b53724fa2ce/blt9bc52ff7851acc52/669a4f6a490fbc64fa22f279/field-statistics.gif[Showing field statistics panel in Dashboards]

[discrete]
==== Statistics in legends

> Accelerate time to insights by summarizing the values of your charts using average, minimum, maximum, median, and variance, among many others. You can add these statistics for **Lens** and ES|QL visualizations. It is important to note that these statistics are computed using the data points from the chart considering the aggregation used and not the raw data. For example, the following chart shows the median memory per host, so the Max = 15.3KB for the first series (artifacts.elastic.co) is the maximum value of the median memory per host. 

Author: ```suggestion
Accelerate time to insights by summarizing the values of your charts using average, minimum, maximum, median, and variance, among many others. You can add these statistics for **Lens** and ES|QL visualizations. It is important to note that these statistics are computed using the data points from the chart considering the aggregation used and not the raw data. In the following example, the chart shows the median memory per host, so the Max = 15.3KB for the first series (artifacts.elastic.co) is the maximum value of the median memory per host. 
```

[discrete]
==== Integrations support in the ES|QL editor when using FROM command.

We're excited to announce enhanced support for integrations in the ES|QL editor with the *FROM* command. Previously, you could only access indices, but now you can also view a list of installed integrations directly within the editor. This improvement streamlines your workflow, making it easier to manage and utilize various integrations while working with your data.

image::images/integrations-in-esql.png[Accessing an integration from ES|QL]

[discrete]
==== Field statistics in ES|QL

Field statistics are now available in ES|QL. This feature is designed to provide comprehensive insights for each data field. With this enhancement, you can access detailed statistics such as distributions, averages, and other key metrics, helping you quickly understand your data. This makes data exploration and quality assessment more efficient, providing deeper insights and streamlining the analysis of field-level data in ES|QL.

image::images/field-statistics-esql.png[Field statistics in ES|QL]

[discrete]
==== Filter UX improvements in ES|QL

> We're thrilled to unveil a complete overhaul of filtering in the ES|QL UX. Now, you can seamlessly filter data by browsing a time series chart, allowing for quick and intuitive time-based filtering. Interactive chart filtering lets you refine your data directly by clicking on any chart, while creating 'where clause' filters from the Discover table or sidebar has never been easier. These enhancements streamline data exploration and analysis, making your ES|QL experience more efficient and user-friendly than ever.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're thrilled to unveil a complete overhaul of filtering in the ES|QL UX. Now, you can seamlessly filter data by browsing a time series chart, allowing for quick and intuitive time-based filtering. Interactive chart filtering lets you refine your data directly by clicking on any chart, while creating WHERE clause filters from the Discover table or sidebar has never been easier. These enhancements streamline data exploration and analysis, making your ES|QL experience more efficient and user-friendly than ever.
```

Reviewer: I think this is the typical way we style these -- see also lines 92, 94
